---
layout: post
title: "On the Road to Pugwash and Other Wandering Thoughts"
date: 2025-07-04 16:00:00 -0400
tags: [pugwash-conference, personal, travel, gospel-technology, reflections]
categories: blog
author: Marc MacArthur
permalink: /blog/On-the-Road-to-Pugwash-and-Other-Wandering-Thoughts/
---

Didn’t I say I was going to fall behind on writing these posts?

I suppose part of me forgets, and another part just doesn’t care all that much in the moment. But eventually, I circle back around to the idea that it’s probably best to get some of this out on paper, or at least on the digital paper of the web.

I’m aware that not every thought or update I share here is particularly profound. Honestly, most of it probably isn’t. These entries are more like scattered trail markers across the landscape of my mind: uneven, personal, and not always scenic. But they’re mine. And hey, no one’s forcing you to read them. Hah.

<!--more-->

This weekend is the Pugwash conference, and while it hasn’t been the most eventful stretch of time, it’s shaping up to be meaningful in its own way. Sam very kindly offered to let me crash at his place. I told him just to point me to a chair and I’d be good. This time of year, I wouldn’t even complain about sleeping outside.

He wanted me to be around mainly to help with setting up and running the video equipment for the meetings. Most of it was already handled, but we’re tweaking a few things and trying to bring YouTube into the mix alongside Zoom. A few adjustments here and there, but overall a smooth setup.

Finding a ride over was more difficult than in previous years. Last year, I would’ve travelled with either Timmy or Justin. Timmy’s gone now, and Justin’s got his hands full with his new(ish) relationship, which, let’s be honest, is a pretty valid reason. I figured that if the Lord wanted me there, something would work out. Sure enough, last night, a few offers came through. After some scheduling back-and-forth, Joshua offered to drive me over.

I’m writing this while pacing around the lot of “Straight Up Construction & Renovations,” waiting for Sam to finish up so we can head over to the hall and finalize a few technical things. It’s quiet, a little breeze in the air, and not a bad place to pause and gather a few thoughts.

---

Earlier this week, I spent a couple of days up at Marcus’ place, getting a crash course in Sage50 accounting software, for those unfamiliar. My job was to input stacks of invoices. Not exactly my area of expertise, but I think I managed alright. I do wonder if I’m quick enough for his expectations. There's a lot to take in, and I’m doing my best not to mess anything up.

The environment is good, though. Air conditioning in the office. Decent coffee. Lunch provided. Hard to complain when you're treated well. Besides, Marcus and his family have been like extended family to me. I’d hate to say no when I have the ability to help.

---

Anyway, there you go, another mixed bag of updates with no real throughline. I guess that’s kind of the point though: life’s rarely linear. I do pray that the ministry this weekend will be a blessing to those attending. Whether in person or tuning in online, may it serve to edify and encourage.

Until the next post.

